docs/generated/Rendering_Components.md, before:


<div class="component_definition">

## `renderable` Component

Models are loaded from the `assets/models/` folder. `.glb` and `.gltf` are supported,
and models can be loaded from either `assets/models/<model_name>.gltf` or `assets/models/<model_name>/model_name.gltf`.

Note for GLTF models with multiple meshes:  
It is usually preferred to load the model using the [gltf Prefab Script](Prefab_Scripts.md#gltf-prefab) to automatically generate the correct transform tree and entity structure.

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **model** | string | "" | Name of the GLTF model to display. Models are loaded from the `assets/models/` folder. |
| **mesh_index** | size_t | 0 | The index of the mesh to render from the GLTF model. Note, multi-mesh GLTF models can be automatically expanded into entities using the `gltf` prefab. |
| **visibility** | enum flags [VisibilityMask](#VisibilityMask-type) | "DirectCamera\|DirectEye\|LightingShadow\|LightingVoxel" | Visibility mask for different render passes. |
| **emissive** | float | 0 | Emissive multiplier to turn this model into a light source |
| **color_override** | vec4 (red, green, blue, alpha) | [-1, -1, -1, -1] | Override the mesh's texture to a flat RGBA color. Values are in the range 0.0 to 1.0. -1 means the original color is used. |
| **metallic_roughness_override** | vec2 | [-1, -1] | Override the mesh's metallic and roughness material properties. Values are in the range 0.0 to 1.0. -1 means the original material is used. |

<div class="type_definition">

### `VisibilityMask` Type
This is an **enum flags** type. Multiple flags can be combined using the `|` character (e.g. `"One|Two"` with no whitespace). Flag names are case-sensitive.  
Enum flag names:
- "**DirectCamera**" - No description
- "**DirectEye**" - No description
- "**Transparent**" - No description
- "**LightingShadow**" - No description
- "**LightingVoxel**" - No description
- "**Optics**" - No description
- "**OutlineSelection**" - No description

</div>

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `gui` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **window_name** | string | "" | No description |
| **target** | enum [GuiTarget](#GuiTarget-type) | "World" | No description |

<div class="type_definition">

### `GuiTarget` Type
This is an **enum** type, and can be one of the following case-sensitive values:
- "**None**" - No description
- "**World**" - No description
- "**Debug**" - No description

</div>

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `laser_line` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **intensity** | float | 1 | No description |
| **media_density** | float | 0.6 | No description |
| **on** | bool | true | No description |
| **relative** | bool | true | No description |
| **radius** | float | 0.003 | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `light_sensor` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **position** | vec3 | [0, 0, 0] | No description |
| **direction** | vec3 | [0, 0, -1] | No description |
| **color_value** | vec3 | [0, 0, 0] | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `light` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **intensity** | float | 0 | The brightness of the light measured in candela (lumens per solid angle). This value is ignored if **illuminance** != 0. |
| **illuminance** | float | 0 | The brightness of the light measured in lux (lumens per square meter). This has the behavior of making the light's brightness independant of distance from the light. Overrides **intensity** field. |
| **spot_angle** | float (degrees) | 0 | The angle from the middle to the edge of the light's field of view cone. This will be half the light's overall field of view. |
| **tint** | vec3 (red, green, blue) | [1, 1, 1] | The color of light to be emitted |
| **gel** | string | "" | A lighting gel (or light filter) texture to be applied to this light. Asset textures can be referenced with the format "asset:<asset_path>.png", or render graph outputs can be referenced with the format "graph:<graph_output_name>" |
| **on** | bool | true | A flag to turn this light on and off without changing the light's values. |
| **shadow_map_size** | uint32 | 9 | All shadow maps are square powers of 2 in resolution. Each light's shadow map resolution is defined as `2^shadow_map_size`. For example, a map size of 10 would result in a 1024x1024 shadow map resolution. |
| **shadow_map_clip** | vec2 | [0.1, 256] | The near and far clipping plane distances for this light. For example, with a clip value of `[1, 10]`, light won't start hitting objects until the near plane, 1 meter from the light. The light will then cast shadows for the next 9 meters until the far plane, 10 meters from the light. |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `optic` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **pass_tint** | vec3 (red, green, blue) | [0, 0, 0] | No description |
| **reflect_tint** | vec3 (red, green, blue) | [1, 1, 1] | No description |
| **single_direction** | bool | false | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `screen` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **texture** | string | "" | No description |
| **resolution** | ivec2 | [1000, 1000] | No description |
| **scale** | vec2 | [1, 1] | No description |
| **luminance** | vec3 | [1, 1, 1] | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `view` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **offset** | ivec2 | [0, 0] | No description |
| **extents** | ivec2 | [0, 0] | No description |
| **fov** | float (degrees) | 0 | No description |
| **clip** | vec2 | [0.1, 256] | No description |
| **visibility_mask** | enum flags [VisibilityMask](#VisibilityMask-type) | "" | No description |

**See Also:**
[VisibilityMask](#VisibilityMask-type)

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `voxel_area` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **extents** | ivec3 | [128, 128, 128] | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `xr_view` Component

The `xr_view` component has type: enum [XrEye](#XrEye-type)

<div class="type_definition">

### `XrEye` Type
This is an **enum** type, and can be one of the following case-sensitive values:
- "**Left**" - No description
- "**Right**" - No description

</div>

</div>

Commit message:

Add a new vertex input for decal id filtering

docs/generated/Rendering_Components.md, after:


<div class="component_definition">

## `renderable` Component

Models are loaded from the `assets/models/` folder. `.glb` and `.gltf` are supported,
and models can be loaded from either `assets/models/<model_name>.gltf` or `assets/models/<model_name>/model_name.gltf`.

Note for GLTF models with multiple meshes:  
It is usually preferred to load the model using the [gltf Prefab Script](Prefab_Scripts.md#gltf-prefab) to automatically generate the correct transform tree and entity structure.

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **model** | string | "" | Name of the GLTF model to display. Models are loaded from the `assets/models/` folder. |
| **mesh_index** | size_t | 0 | The index of the mesh to render from the GLTF model. Note, multi-mesh GLTF models can be automatically expanded into entities using the `gltf` prefab. |
| **visibility** | enum flags [VisibilityMask](#VisibilityMask-type) | "DirectCamera\|DirectEye\|LightingShadow\|LightingVoxel" | Visibility mask for different render passes. |
| **emissive** | float | 0 | Emissive multiplier to turn this model into a light source |
| **color_override** | vec4 (red, green, blue, alpha) | [-1, -1, -1, -1] | Override the mesh's texture to a flat RGBA color. Values are in the range 0.0 to 1.0. -1 means the original color is used. |
| **metallic_roughness_override** | vec2 | [-1, -1] | Override the mesh's metallic and roughness material properties. Values are in the range 0.0 to 1.0. -1 means the original material is used. |
| **decals** | vector&lt;[EntityRef](#EntityRef-type)&gt; | [] | A list of decal entities that should apply to this renderable. |

<div class="type_definition">

### `EntityRef` Type

An `EntityRef` is a stable reference to an entity via a string name. 

Referenced entities do not need to exist at the point an `EntityRef` is defined.
The reference will be automatically tracked and updated once the referenced entity is created.

Reference names are defined the same as the `name` component:  
`"<scene_name>:<entity_name>"`

References can also be defined relative to their entity scope, the same as a `name` component.
If just a relative name is provided, the reference will be expanded based on the scope root:  
`"<scene_name>:<root_name>.<relative_name>"`

The special `"scoperoot"` alias can be used to reference the parent entity during template generation.

</div>

<div class="type_definition">

### `VisibilityMask` Type
This is an **enum flags** type. Multiple flags can be combined using the `|` character (e.g. `"One|Two"` with no whitespace). Flag names are case-sensitive.  
Enum flag names:
- "**DirectCamera**" - No description
- "**DirectEye**" - No description
- "**Transparent**" - No description
- "**LightingShadow**" - No description
- "**LightingVoxel**" - No description
- "**Optics**" - No description
- "**OutlineSelection**" - No description

</div>

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `gui` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **window_name** | string | "" | No description |
| **target** | enum [GuiTarget](#GuiTarget-type) | "World" | No description |

<div class="type_definition">

### `GuiTarget` Type
This is an **enum** type, and can be one of the following case-sensitive values:
- "**None**" - No description
- "**World**" - No description
- "**Debug**" - No description

</div>

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `laser_line` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **intensity** | float | 1 | No description |
| **media_density** | float | 0.6 | No description |
| **on** | bool | true | No description |
| **relative** | bool | true | No description |
| **radius** | float | 0.003 | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `light_sensor` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **position** | vec3 | [0, 0, 0] | No description |
| **direction** | vec3 | [0, 0, -1] | No description |
| **color_value** | vec3 | [0, 0, 0] | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `light` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **intensity** | float | 0 | The brightness of the light measured in candela (lumens per solid angle). This value is ignored if **illuminance** != 0. |
| **illuminance** | float | 0 | The brightness of the light measured in lux (lumens per square meter). This has the behavior of making the light's brightness independant of distance from the light. Overrides **intensity** field. |
| **spot_angle** | float (degrees) | 0 | The angle from the middle to the edge of the light's field of view cone. This will be half the light's overall field of view. |
| **tint** | vec3 (red, green, blue) | [1, 1, 1] | The color of light to be emitted |
| **gel** | string | "" | A lighting gel (or light filter) texture to be applied to this light. Asset textures can be referenced with the format "asset:<asset_path>.png", or render graph outputs can be referenced with the format "graph:<graph_output_name>" |
| **on** | bool | true | A flag to turn this light on and off without changing the light's values. |
| **shadow_map_size** | uint32 | 9 | All shadow maps are square powers of 2 in resolution. Each light's shadow map resolution is defined as `2^shadow_map_size`. For example, a map size of 10 would result in a 1024x1024 shadow map resolution. |
| **shadow_map_clip** | vec2 | [0.1, 256] | The near and far clipping plane distances for this light. For example, with a clip value of `[1, 10]`, light won't start hitting objects until the near plane, 1 meter from the light. The light will then cast shadows for the next 9 meters until the far plane, 10 meters from the light. |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `optic` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **pass_tint** | vec3 (red, green, blue) | [0, 0, 0] | No description |
| **reflect_tint** | vec3 (red, green, blue) | [1, 1, 1] | No description |
| **single_direction** | bool | false | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `screen` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **texture** | string | "" | No description |
| **resolution** | ivec2 | [1000, 1000] | No description |
| **scale** | vec2 | [1, 1] | No description |
| **luminance** | vec3 | [1, 1, 1] | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `view` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **offset** | ivec2 | [0, 0] | No description |
| **extents** | ivec2 | [0, 0] | No description |
| **fov** | float (degrees) | 0 | No description |
| **clip** | vec2 | [0.1, 256] | No description |
| **visibility_mask** | enum flags [VisibilityMask](#VisibilityMask-type) | "" | No description |

**See Also:**
[VisibilityMask](#VisibilityMask-type)

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `voxel_area` Component

| Field Name | Type | Default Value | Description |
|------------|------|---------------|-------------|
| **extents** | ivec3 | [128, 128, 128] | No description |

</div>


<div class="component_definition">

## `xr_view` Component

The `xr_view` component has type: enum [XrEye](#XrEye-type)

<div class="type_definition">

### `XrEye` Type
This is an **enum** type, and can be one of the following case-sensitive values:
- "**Left**" - No description
- "**Right**" - No description

</div>

</div>
